[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Rather than take
a whole bunch of time to go through and
type all of this stuff, I'm simply gonna
walk you through the fixed version which
is included with your exercises.
Let's talk about a few
things that are going on.
First off.
I've taken that if and made it into
an arrow function on line one,
I'll zoom in so
it's a little easier to read.
And you notice that the if the in the
other one didn't have any variables in it,
but I took advantage of being
able to declare variables without
statements by putting variable names
as unused parameters in that iffy.
And they're unused because
down here at the bottom,
the pair that executes it
doesn't pass anything in.
So those are the unused variable names
that I can then start assigning to.
So for example, I then open up my
arrow function and I open up or
print the c set because, I'm going to
put multiple statements together or
multiple expressions together
using my comma operator.
And because of the operator
precedence of the comma operator,
if I did that without the parentheses set
it would bind less tightly than the arrow.
So I have to wrap the multiple expressions
that I'm gonna string together with commas
in a parentheses set so, the first
expression is I'm gonna say foo equals and
I'm gonna make foo equals
to another arrow function.
The reason for that, is because
in another expression down here.
This one.
Which is again part of that outer
parenthesis set this expression calls foo.
And then I set.
So here, it looks an awful
lot like a function body.
But I'm using commas
instead of semicolons,
because these aren't statements.
These are expressions
inside of a comma list.
Cuz it's so I wanted to get rid of
my curly brace pair and all of that.
So each one of these individual ones,
is an expression rather than
a standalone statement.
So my foo function is an arrow,
I take advantage of being able to declare
my x but also to declare a y, cuz I'm
gonna want that y the one that was in
its own standalone declaration and
then I want that y.
So I'm going to use that y and I also
use a trick that I haven't showed yet,
which is default parameter
values to go ahead and
make the assignment of it instead
of having to do a separate one.
Now here's an interesting trick.
I use a regular function and we'll come
back to why I use a regular function here,
but question for
you is that a function statement or
is that a function expression?
>> Kyle Simpson: Who thinks they know?
>> Kyle Simpson: The fact that I didn't
get an immediate answer is kind of
the point, cuz it looks an awful lot
like an expression statement but,
because it's part of a, because it is
the concise body for an arrow function,
it's actually a function expression or,
it's a name function expression
rather than a function statement.
Anyway, I have a named function expression
which is that is the concise body for
that particular arrow function.
It would've taken a z, but
I also take advantage of baz and
obj on unused parameters for
my variable declarations.
Now because I have a regular
French function curly brace,
I don't need to do any turn areas here.
I can just do my regular if else but
we're gonna,
don't worry we're gonna use turn
areas here in just a moment.
I do need to do a return statement and
I call my z.map,
here's another case where I
can use an arrow function.
So I throw in my arrow function here.
This is the arrow function, but I also
assign that arrow function to a baz.
Because assignment statements or
assignment expressions,
have the value that is
assigned as the return.
So I can assign and
pass in the value all at the same time.
That way, we're not having to
have a separate statement.
And the reason it needed to be named
is because I needed to refer to it
recursively by name, so I needed a name
that the arrow function was assigned to.
Now, down here these
are regular old statements but,
I now I use an arrow function.
And this is my concise body again
with parentheses around it and
a comma operator to separate my two
statements, and there is my this keyword.
Taking advantage of the fact that this
arrow function won't have its own, so
it will come to this outer
function to get this keyword.
Finally I have to make
sure to do my return obj.
The rest of these should
be pretty straightforward.
Let's look at the setTimeout again I
use an arrow function I use the open
parentheses set here,
didn't need any variable declarations.
Because console.log is a function call,
it doesn't need any kind
of curly braces around it,
because it's an expression call.
So I can just simply
have that as the body.
And finally my reduce, my reducer,
uses an arrow function.
It's got two parameters.
So I need to list both of those
with a parentheses set around it.
Now.
The last thing I wanna point out about
this exercise is, and this was the thing I
messed up and it took me like 10 or 15
minutes to figure out why I messed it up.
Cuz I had made this into
an arrow function first.
Seems reasonable.
Why not if we're going all out.
Let's go and make all these arrow
functions, and I made the example and
I still forgot the fact that you can't
use a .call on an arrow function.
Well you can but it has no effect.
Cuz you try to bind the disc
context of an arrow function.
It doesn't have one.
So it's just gonna ignore
that .call that you make.
So if you have a place in your code
where you need to make a .call, or
a a .apply, or a .bind or some,
any one of the ways that you
do with this binding on something if you
need a thing to have of this binding.
The trick here was I needed this
thing to adopt it's this context from
an outer scope, that had a this.
But if the outer scope of this arrow
function had been another arrow function,
it would have had to just keep
going up and keep going up.
So you're gonna have to have it an arrow
function inside of a regular function,
if you want it to be able
to adopt in this context.
The point I'm trying to make is,
you're not going to be able to
replace all functions with arrows.
And you're gonna have to be really
careful about which ones can, and
which ones can't, and
under what kind of conditions.
Now I deliberately made this big, and
hairy, and messy just to illustrate all
those different things probably
your code isn't gonna be quite so
bad, but you want to be careful
as you're writing your code.
Any questions?
Looks like there's a question in chat.
Can you explain lines 13 and
14 with the parentheses there?
So this is an arrow function.
It's got a concise body which we start
on line 13 and finish on line 14.
Because there are two separate
assignments that I wanna make,
first is object.length = 1 and
the next one is object [O] = this.w.
Those would normally be two separate
statements that I would semi colon and
put inside of a curly brace pair, but
because I'm arrow functioning here
I want to just use one parentheses set,
because if I took off the parentheses.
The comma operator binds less tightly
than the arrow which would have meant,
that only this would have
been the arrow function.
We wanted the whole thing to
be the arrow function so,
we have to bind the comma
inside of the parentheses set.
TO get that whole two lines
to be the concise body.
Hopefully that answer that.
Any other questions that I missed and-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah this is along the same
lines, can you just state what it is in
JavaScript that makes it so, that you can
just put a comma and turn to different
statements into one expression, I think.
>> Kyle Simpson: The comma operator is
defined as being able to do exactly that,
which is to take,
it's not two statements, it's two
expressions that can be chained together.
Any general place where
I had foo(3) ; bar(4);.
It's entirely valid JavaScript for
me to do that.
>> Speaker 3: And that's not ES6, that's-
>> Kyle Simpson: That's JavaScript ES0.
The comma operator.
Like I said, when your ES6 arrow
functioning, the thing you really wanna
do as much as possible is pull out
every kind of weird esoteric grammar
trick that you can, to get rid of all the
curly braces and semi colons and stuff.
So, comma operator is a favorite
of writing arrow functions.
>> Speaker 2: Can you explain
the difference between expression and
statement, just to clarify.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm not
gonna go fully into that.
Check out my types in grammar book.
I think it might be chapter five.
I cover the difference between
expression and statement.
In English grammar,
the English language grammar,
the closest analogue is
the difference between a sentence,
which is a statement and
a phrase, which is an expression.
Sentences are made up of phrases.
Statements are made up of expressions.
But in JavaScript a statement can't
be used in place of an expression,
but an expression can be used
in place of a statement.
>> Speaker 4: And do you go into that
in your advanced JavaScript course?
>> Kyle Simpson: I do also cover that in
the advanced JavaScript course here on
Frontend Masters and
in the types and grammar book.
>> Speaker 2: Another question, if the set
time out is not returning any value,
would it be a bad practice to use curly
braces in the arrow function on line 12?
>> Kyle Simpson: Curly braces here.
Would it be a bad practice to
throw curly braces around it?
Again, what you're gonna have is you're
gonna have the ES6 police jump out of
the shadows and scream at you.
That you're supposed to be avoiding
curly braces where ever you can.
Sorry the curly brace would of been here.
There's nothing grammatically
wrong with it, but
stylistically if you're going
all in on arrow functions,
usually you're gonna wanna go
all in on arrow functions.
>> Speaker 5: The ES6 police.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
So in your opinion,
if you're using arrow functions at all for
what they're intended for,
would be that the replacement of
the this operator in that instance.
>> Kyle Simpson: The place where it
really actually was useful in my opinion
was right here.
That's where the arrow function
was actually justified.
All the other usages of it,
I think are gonna dodgy.
My own opinion.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Another
question from the chat room.
>> Kyle Simpson: We got
an active chat room today.
I love this, it's great.
>> Speaker 2: Well this is real stuff,
right.
Is baz as a named arrow
function on line five.
>> Kyle Simpson: Baz
a named arrow function, no.
There's no such thing as
a named arrow function.
Baz is an arrow function,
that gets assigned to the baz variable.
That's what's happening on line five
there is an arrow function here, the part
that I've highlighted that then gets
assigned to a lexical variable called baz,
which was this one use
parameter from line three.
So it's just assigned to it.
Would it have name inferencing?
Yes.
It would have name inferencing.
So if we were to call out
the .name property of it or
if that were to have thrown
an error in the console,
then it would have said
quote baz as the name of it.
But there's no such thing
as a named arrow function,
there is such a thing as a name
inference arrow function I guess.
>> Speaker 2: Follow up on that.
>> Kyle Simpson: So it can be a reference
even when used as a parameter.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't know what
named reference is referring to here.
>> Kyle Simpson: No such thing in
my opinion as a named reference.
>> Kyle Simpson: Thanks Mike.
[LAUGH]
ES6 police.
>> Kyle Simpson: If there's not
a Twitter account for ES6 police,
there should be by the end of my class,
that somebody.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 5: Is the type of arrow
function in an object.
That's what Ryan is asking.
>> Kyle Simpson: Is the type
of arrow function an object?
It's a function object just like
a regular function is an object,
it just has special syntactic rules to it.
Few special behaviors to it,
but from the perspective of it being
an object, yes it's still an object.